ONE ELECTRA
Premium Website Re-Development — Comprehensive Design, Architecture & Implementation Plan
REVISION 3 — Updated following independent site review, client discussion, and full UI/theme checklist integration
Senior UI/UX Designer + System Architect + Senior Front-End Developer perspective
Originally prepared: September 2026  |  Revised: September 2026
0. What Changed in This Revision
This revision responds directly to an independent hands-on review of the live/staging site (content audit, duplicate-page check, and a visual screenshot review) and to open questions raised after reading v1 of this plan. Nothing below removes the technical quality of v1 — it corrects scope, sequencing, and a few gaps so the plan is something a budget-holder can actually approve.
Added an explicit Path A (lean/incremental) vs Path B (full platform rebuild) decision — v1 presented only the full rebuild as "the" recommendation, with no lower-cost alternative surfaced.
Moved the SEO/rendering decision (SSR/SSG vs client-only SPA) to the front of the technical architecture instead of deferring it to "a later phase" — this was the plan's biggest self-acknowledged risk and it should be decided before the framework is locked in, not after launch.
Reduced the animation/motion budget for v1: GSAP and scroll-jacking interactions are removed from the base scope. Premium feel should come from typography, imagery and restraint, matching the plan's own "premium restraint" principle in Section 3.
Added indicative timeline and effort ranges per phase, since a 14-phase plan with no time/effort signal cannot be scheduled or costed by a client.
Folded in specific defects found during manual review: duplicate meta tags/title across routes, low-contrast text in several sections, and a generic "dark SaaS template" visual language that undercuts trust for an industrial B2B buyer.
Expanded the logo/brand-mark brief with concrete concept directions and explicit avoid/aim-for guidance so it is briefable, not just a constraint.
Added a lean version of the contact-reliability architecture (Path A) alongside the full Worker/D1/Queue design (Path B), so reliability doesn't require standing up a database and message queue if budget doesn't support it.
REVISION 3 (this pass): the earlier UI/theme review covered specific defects — icon style, section spacing/whitespace, page length and repeated CTAs, and low contrast — and not all of them had been translated into explicit plan content. This revision adds a dedicated spacing/rhythm subsection, an iconography system subsection, and a consolidated Visual & UI Fix Checklist (Section 31) so every item from that review is traceable to a specific fix in this plan.
1. Executive Summary
The objective is not to make a prettier version of the existing One Electra site. The objective is to reposition the digital experience as a premium international EV charging and energy-technology brand — while being honest about what level of investment that repositioning requires.
The current website is functional but visually reads more like a basic product/trading catalogue, and a manual review surfaced concrete defects: every route serves near-identical content and metadata (a duplicate-content problem for SEO and link sharing), several sections have text-to-background contrast low enough to be functionally unreadable, and the overall visual language leans on a generic dark-SaaS template aesthetic that works against the trust an international B2B hardware buyer needs to feel before requesting a quote.
This revision keeps the full rebuild vision from v1 as the long-term direction (Path B), but adds a lower-cost, faster Path A that fixes the structural and trust-damaging defects without a full re-platform. The client should choose a path based on budget and timeline before Phase 2 begins — see Section 3a.
Area
Recommended decision
Frontend
React + TypeScript + Vite (Path B) — or targeted fixes to existing static HTML/CSS (Path A)
Rendering
Decide up front: SSR/SSG (Next.js or Astro) if organic search matters; client-only SPA only if organic discovery is not a priority — see Section 13a
Styling
Tailwind CSS + design tokens; small amount of component CSS where useful
Routing
React Router (Path B) — or real, distinct static subpages (Path A), not one long homepage
Motion
CSS transitions + light Framer Motion only; no GSAP/scroll-jacking in v1
Icons
Lucide React; custom SVG marks for brand-specific graphics
Fonts
Manrope or Space Grotesk for display; Inter for body/UI
Hosting
Vercel or Netlify (Path B); GitHub Pages remains viable for the static frontend
Source control
GitHub
Contact delivery
Path A: transactional email service with a durable secondary copy (spreadsheet/sheet or lightweight database). Path B: serverless API + durable enquiry storage + queued email delivery
Quotation
WhatsApp deep link with product-aware prefilled message
Product system
Data-driven categories/products; product detail routes
Primary categories
AC Charging Pile; DC Charging Pile; Portable Charging Pile; Adapters / Connectors
2. Current Website & Repository Audit
The live site currently presents One Electra as an international EV charging and parts business, with navigation for Home, About, Products, Services and Contact. Its content includes the company introduction, future-energy/business opportunity material, global charging standards, global-partner positioning, services, contact information and social links. The live site currently exposes a Browse Products and Get Quote path.
The supplied GitHub repository is a public static HTML/CSS implementation. It currently contains five HTML pages, one CSS file, an images directory and a README. The repository's Products page contains many hard-coded product cards and WhatsApp quotation URLs; the Contact page currently posts directly to a FormSubmit endpoint.
Repository: lhbccly/OneElectra
Current files observed: index.html, about.html, products.html, services.html, contact.html, faq.html, style.css and images/
Current product data is embedded directly in products.html instead of a reusable data model.
The current product cards mix presentation, specifications, image paths and WhatsApp links in the same HTML.
The current Contact page uses a third-party form POST directly from HTML.
The current home page uses a hero slider plus large content blocks and inline styling.
There are legacy/fragile patterns such as <marquee>, inline CSS, page-switch JavaScript, repeated footer code and malformed data-page attributes.
The current contact details include multiple email addresses; the redevelopment requirement should make support@oneelectra.com the form destination.
2a. Additional Defects Found in Manual Review (New)
A hands-on review of the working preview build (screenshot + live fetch of / , /products, /services, /contact) surfaced issues that should be treated as confirmed defects, not design opinions:
Duplicate content/metadata: fetching /products, /services and /contact returns the same <title>, meta description and og:url as the homepage. Either the routes are not real subpages, or the meta layer is not route-aware. This directly damages SEO and breaks link-preview cards when a specific page is shared.
Low contrast in multiple sections: the "I Need EV Charging Hardware For..." cards, the "Verified Sourcing" copy block, and the "Payment & Trade Terms / Global Shipping / Bulk & Business Support" section are near-illegible — light gray text on a near-black background falls below WCAG AA contrast minimums.
Generic dark-SaaS visual language: black background, neon-green accent, pill buttons and thin line icons read as a templated crypto/dev-tool aesthetic rather than an industrial sourcing brand — this works against the credibility an international buyer needs before trusting a Chinese trading intermediary with a purchase order.
CTA repetition and page length: the same "Request a Quote" button appears 6+ times down a very long single-scroll page, with large unexplained whitespace gaps between sections and no in-page navigation to jump to a section.
Weak typographic hierarchy: most section headings render at a similar visual weight, so the page does not clearly signal which sections are more important while scrolling.
Source audit: live One Electra content, the supplied repository, and the working preview build were all reviewed before this plan. The live site identifies the business as an international company connecting Chinese EV charging device makers with customers globally, and mentions Europe, Middle East and South Asia markets.
3. Senior UI/UX Design Principles
Premium restraint: use fewer visual elements, but make each element intentional. Avoid template-like card overload.
Product-first storytelling: chargers and accessories should feel like engineered products, not generic catalogue items.
Editorial composition: combine oversized typography, large imagery, whitespace and asymmetrical grids.
Strong visual hierarchy: one dominant message per viewport; users should know what One Electra does within seconds.
Progressive disclosure: show the key product value first, then specifications and details when the user asks for them.
Consistency: every page should share the same spacing scale, typography, buttons, cards, image treatment and motion language.
Accessibility: readable contrast, keyboard navigation, visible focus states, semantic HTML, meaningful alt text and reduced-motion support. This is a launch blocker, not a nice-to-have — see Section 2a.
Mobile-first behavior: design for small screens first rather than shrinking a desktop layout.
Performance as a design constraint: optimize images, avoid unnecessary video/animation, lazy-load below-the-fold media and minimize third-party scripts.
Scalability: product/category additions must be data changes wherever possible, not JSX rewrites.
Motion discipline (new): no scroll-jacking, no signature GSAP scenes in v1 — the current site's biggest trust problem is that it already looks like a flashy template; adding more choreographed motion moves further from "serious industrial supplier" and closer to "agency portfolio demo."
3b. Spacing, Section Rhythm & Page Length (New)
Review of the current homepage found large, seemingly unplanned vertical gaps between sections and a very long single-scroll page with no way to jump to a specific area — a buyer has to scroll the entire page to reach Products, Standards, or Contact. This is treated as a defect, not a style note, and is addressed as follows:
Define a single spacing scale (e.g., an 8px-based scale: 8/16/24/32/48/64/96/128) and use it for all section padding and gaps. No section-to-section gap should exceed the largest step on this scale without a specific compositional reason.
Audit every existing homepage section gap against this scale during Phase 1 (design system) and Phase 5 (homepage build); gaps that exist only because a section was appended without adjusting the one above/below it should be removed.
Add a slim sticky or top-of-page in-page navigation (e.g., Products / Standards / How It Works / Contact) so a buyer can jump directly to the section they need instead of scrolling a long single page — this applies whether the site remains a long-scroll layout or moves to distinct routed pages per Section 7.
Consolidate or shorten sections that repeat the same message in different visual wrapping (the current build has multiple sections separately reinforcing 'verified sourcing / trusted procurement / quality assurance' with similar content) — one strong section beats three diluted ones.
Cap the repeated primary CTA ('Request a Quote') to at most three placements per page (hero, one mid-page after the product showcase, footer) per the guidance already in Section 10 — listed here again because it is fundamentally a spacing/rhythm issue, not just a copywriting one.
3a. Implementation Path Decision (New)
v1 of this plan proposed a full platform rebuild as the only path. That is a valid long-term direction, but it is a materially larger investment than the current site's actual defects require, and the plan should let the client choose deliberately rather than defaulting to the largest option.
Dimension
Path A — Lean Fix
Path B — Full Rebuild
Scope
Fix the existing static HTML/CSS site: real distinct subpages with unique metadata, contrast/accessibility fixes, visual refresh within the current tech stack, more reliable contact form (see Section 15a).
Rebuild as a data-driven React/TypeScript application per Sections 7–21 of this plan: routed product catalogue, product detail pages, full contact infrastructure (Worker + durable storage + queue).
Best for
Limited budget/timeline; the priority is fixing trust-damaging defects and getting real product pages live quickly.
Long-term investment in the brand; catalogue is expected to grow substantially; client wants a maintainable system a non-developer can extend for years.
Relative effort
Small–Medium
Medium–Large
SEO impact
Immediate: fixes the current duplicate-content problem directly, since pages already render server-delivered static HTML.
Positive if SSR/SSG is chosen up front (Section 13a); negative/neutral if a client-only SPA is chosen without prerendering.
Risk if skipped
None — this is the floor. These fixes should happen regardless of which path is chosen.
Scope creep, longer time-to-launch, and a new database/queue/serverless stack to maintain if the catalogue never actually grows large enough to need it.
Recommendation: treat Path A as the mandatory floor regardless of budget — the duplicate-metadata and contrast defects are bugs, not style choices, and should not wait on a full rebuild decision. Path B remains the right long-term architecture if the client expects the catalogue to grow past roughly 30–50 SKUs, wants WhatsApp-per-product deep linking, or wants a non-technical team member adding products without developer involvement. The remaining sections of this plan describe Path B in full, with Path A call-outs where the two approaches diverge materially.
4. Proposed Brand & Visual Direction
Recommended direction: Premium Energy-Tech. The visual language should sit between luxury automotive, industrial technology and clean-energy infrastructure. It should not look like a generic green/blue EV template — and, per the review findings in Section 2a, it should also not look like a generic dark-mode SaaS/crypto template. The differentiator from the current design should be restraint and material quality (photography, spacing, type), not just "same template, darker."
Token
Recommended value
Usage
Ink / Near Black
#080A0C
Primary background and hero surfaces
Graphite
#111519
Cards, secondary panels, navigation glass
Off White
#F2F4F3
Primary typography
Muted Gray
#8D9698
Secondary text and metadata — must be paired with larger type size or increased weight where used on dark backgrounds to keep AA contrast; do not use for body copy under 16px
Electric Lime
#B8FF3D
Small accent, active states, energy cues — cap usage to CTAs and single focal highlights per screen, not repeated decoratively
Soft Green
#6EE7A0
Secondary accent, success state
The accent must remain restrained. The premium effect comes from dark space + off-white typography + high-quality product imagery + a small amount of electric lime, not from making every component green. Every section added to the homepage must pass a contrast check before being marked complete — see the updated Acceptance Test Matrix, Section 26.
4a. Iconography System (New)
The current build uses generic outlined icon-pack glyphs (in sections such as 'Direct Chinese Factory Sourcing' and 'Verified Sourcing') that add visual noise without adding brand-specific meaning and reinforce the generic dark-SaaS-template impression flagged in Section 2a. Icons should be treated as part of the brand system, not a default library dropped in per section.
Use a single icon source for all functional/UI icons (Lucide React, per Section 13) at one consistent stroke width and corner radius across the entire site — never mix icon styles/weights within or across sections.
For the small set of brand-concept icons that appear repeatedly in marketing sections (factory sourcing, certified standards, logistics/shipping, quality assurance), commission or design a short custom SVG icon set of 5–8 marks in the same visual language as the logo (Section 6a) rather than pulling generic outline icons for these specific, brand-important concepts.
Icons should illustrate the specific idea (e.g., an audit checklist mark for 'verified factory sourcing', a shipping-crate/route mark for 'global logistics') rather than decorative generic outlines (stars, shields, generic gear icons) that could belong to any industry.
Cap icon usage to where it aids scanning (category cards, process-step numbers, standards grid) — do not add an icon to every heading purely for visual balance, which is part of what currently reads as template filler.
5. Typography
Display: Manrope or Space Grotesk, with large, confident headlines.
Body/UI: Inter for highly readable paragraphs, labels, forms and specifications.
Use large display sizes on desktop but clamp typography responsively using CSS clamp().
Use a limited font-weight range; avoid excessive bold text.
Keep line lengths controlled, approximately 55–75 characters for long-form content.
Establish at least three clearly distinct heading weights/sizes (H1/H2/H3) so section importance is visible at a glance while scrolling — this directly addresses the flat hierarchy found in review.
6. Logo & Brand Mark (Expanded)
The current wordmark should be replaced with a purpose-designed One Electra identity. The mark should be simple enough to work as a favicon, social avatar, product watermark and website header.
Concept direction: combine a minimal 'O/E' geometric form with a subtle electrical/energy cue.
Avoid literal lightning-bolt clip-art and generic charging-plug icons.
Primary logo: symbol + ONE ELECTRA wordmark.
Compact logo: symbol only.
Monochrome variants: white on dark and black on light.
Accent variant: use electric lime only for selected digital applications.
Deliverables: SVG master, PNG exports, favicon, social avatar and light/dark variants.
6a. Concept Directions to Brief (New)
Direction 1 — Monogram circuit: negative-space 'O' and 'E' formed from a single continuous line that terminates in a small right-angle 'connector pin' notch, referencing a charging plug without illustrating one literally.
Direction 2 — Waveform mark: a stacked 'O E' wordmark where the crossbar of the E extends into a single flat-to-peak line (a subtle power/voltage waveform), used sparingly as the only 'energy' cue in the mark.
Direction 3 — Aperture form: a circular aperture/ring (echoing a charging port ring) intersected by a single diagonal cut, avoiding any bolt or plug iconography entirely.
Explicitly avoid: stock lightning bolts, literal plug silhouettes, gradient-heavy 'tech' badges, generic globe/leaf icons associated with green-energy templates, and any mark that only reads clearly in color (it must work as a single flat shape in black or white first).
The logo should be designed separately and then implemented as optimized SVG rather than as a text-only heading.
7. Proposed Information Architecture
Home
  ├── Hero
  ├── Brand / value proposition
  ├── Charging solutions
  ├── Product categories
  ├── Technology / standards
  ├── Global partner / markets
  ├── Services
  ├── Featured products
  ├── CTA
  └── Footer
Products
  ├── All Products
  ├── AC Charging Pile
  ├── DC Charging Pile
  ├── Portable Charging Pile
  └── Adapters / Connectors
Product Detail
  ├── Product gallery
  ├── Product name / model
  ├── Key specifications
  ├── Description
  ├── Features
  ├── Compatibility / standards
  ├── Optional documents
  └── Get Quotation → WhatsApp
About
Services
FAQ
Contact
Each of these must resolve to a real, distinct route with its own <title>, meta description and canonical URL — whether implemented as separate static HTML files (Path A) or React Router routes with route-level metadata (Path B). This is the direct fix for the duplicate-content defect in Section 2a and must be part of the acceptance test for every route (Section 26).
8. Product UX
The Products page should have two discovery mechanisms: a category navigation/filter area and the complete product listing. When a category is selected, only products belonging to that category are displayed. The category state should be represented in the URL where practical so the view can be shared/bookmarked.
AC Charging Pile
DC Charging Pile
Portable Charging Pile
Adapters / Connectors
All Products
Clicking a product card must NOT immediately open WhatsApp. It should open a dedicated product detail page. The product detail page then provides the Get Quotation button, which opens WhatsApp with the product model/name prefilled.
9. Product Data Model
Products should be stored as data objects rather than hard-coded markup. This is the most important structural change for maintainability, and applies even under Path A as a lightweight JSON file feeding static page generation.
{
  "id": "dl-eu004-1",
  "slug": "dl-eu004-1",
  "name": "Type 2 & 1 | 7kW | Home Use",
  "model": "DL-EU004-1",
  "category": "ac-charging-pile",
  "shortDescription": "32A | 220V | WiFi/Bluetooth | ...",
  "images": [
    "/images/products/dl-eu004-1/01.webp",
    "/images/products/dl-eu004-1/02.webp"
  ],
  "specifications": [
    { "label": "Power", "value": "7kW" },
    { "label": "Current", "value": "32A" },
    { "label": "Voltage", "value": "220V" }
  ],
  "features": ["WiFi/Bluetooth", "Swipe Card", "IP65"],
  "standards": ["Type 1", "Type 2"],
  "whatsappMessage": "Hello One Electra, I would like a quotation for DL-EU004-1."
}
10. Homepage Experience
Recommended sequence:
1. Premium full-width hero: cinematic EV charging imagery, concise statement, primary CTA.
2. Brand statement: who One Electra is and why it exists.
3. Charging ecosystem: AC, DC, portable and adapters/connectors presented as four visually distinct solutions.
4. Featured product experience: one or two large product showcases instead of a wall of cards.
5. Global standards: Type 1, Type 2, GB/T and NACS presented as an elegant technical section.
6. Global partner / market coverage: international positioning with a restrained map or geographic visual.
7. Services: payment/trade terms, logistics, global shipping, bulk/business support.
8. Final CTA: contact or quotation action.
Limit the repeated 'Request a Quote' CTA to at most three placements on the homepage (hero, mid-page after product showcase, footer) rather than after every section, to avoid the repetition fatigue identified in review.
11. Product Listing Page
Premium page hero with Products heading and concise supporting text.
Category chips/tabs or a refined vertical category rail.
Product grid with consistent image aspect ratio.
Product model and short specification summary.
Clear 'View Product' affordance.
Optional search/filter only if product volume justifies it.
Pagination or progressive loading if the catalogue becomes large.
Mobile category selector should become a horizontal scroll or accessible dropdown.
12. Product Detail Page
Breadcrumb: Home → Products → Category → Product.
Large product image/gallery.
Product title, model and concise positioning statement.
Key specification strip.
Detailed specifications in a structured table.
Features and compatibility.
Relevant charging standard/connector information.
Get Quotation → WhatsApp.
Related products from the same category.
Do not overload the first viewport with every technical field.
13. Technical Architecture
13a. Rendering Decision — Decide Now, Not Later (New)
v1 of this plan deferred the SEO/SPA rendering risk to a possible future phase. Given that the current site's primary measured defect is duplicate/non-unique content per route (Section 2a), this decision should be made before the framework is chosen, not after launch:
Option
Strength
Concern
When to choose
Client-only SPA (React Router, no SSR)
Fastest to build; simplest hosting (static files only)
Search engines and link-preview bots may index a single shell page with weak or missing per-route content unless a prerendering step is added
Only if organic search traffic to individual product pages is not a business priority (e.g., all leads come from direct outreach/trade shows/WhatsApp)
Prerendered SPA (Vite + a prerender/SSG plugin, or React with vite-plugin-ssr / similar)
Keeps the React/Vite stack from v1 largely intact while generating real static HTML per route at build time
Slightly more build complexity; data-driven pages need a build step that iterates the product catalogue
Recommended default for Path B if the team wants to keep the originally proposed stack
Full SSR/SSG framework (Next.js or Astro)
Best-in-class SEO and social sharing out of the box; mature ecosystem
Larger framework surface than plain Vite; may require re-scoping Sections 13/14
Recommended if organic discovery of product pages (e.g., buyers searching 'GB/T DC fast charger supplier') is expected to matter
Layer
Technology
Reason
Framework
React
Component-based and scalable for the redesigned UX.
Rendering
Prerendered SPA or Next.js/Astro — per decision in 13a
Directly fixes the duplicate-content defect found in review; must not be deferred.
Build
Vite (if not using Next.js/Astro)
Fast local development and efficient static production builds.
Language
TypeScript
Safer product data, component props and maintainability.
Styling
Tailwind CSS + design tokens
Fast responsive implementation with consistent visual system.
Routing
React Router (or framework-native routing)
Products/category/detail routes and deep links.
Icons
Lucide React
Consistent open-source icon set; avoids mixed icon styles.
Animation
CSS transitions + light Framer Motion only
GSAP and scroll-jacking removed from v1 scope — see Sections 3 and 22.
Data
TypeScript/JSON product catalogue
Easy client maintenance and no database for catalogue content initially.
Frontend hosting
Vercel / Netlify / GitHub Pages
All can serve the static or prerendered frontend.
Contact (Path A)
Transactional email API + durable secondary copy (spreadsheet/lightweight table)
Meets the 'no lost enquiry' goal without a database/queue stack.
Contact (Path B)
Cloudflare Worker + D1 + Queues + Resend
Protects credentials, decouples capture from delivery, fully durable.
14. Hosting Decision: GitHub Pages vs Vercel vs Netlify
Option
Strength
Concern
Decision
GitHub Pages
Very simple static hosting directly from GitHub.
No server-side runtime; contact API must be elsewhere.
Valid for frontend; not first choice for Path B.
Vercel
Excellent GitHub integration, preview deployments and static/React hosting; native support for Next.js if chosen in 13a.
Contact backend still needs a serverless endpoint/service unless using Vercel Functions.
Strong frontend choice, especially if Next.js is selected.
Netlify
Excellent static hosting, previews and serverless/site tooling.
Same contact/backend consideration.
Strong alternative.
Cloudflare Pages/Workers
Excellent fit if the contact API, queue and D1 are also Cloudflare-based.
Slightly more infrastructure knowledge required.
Strong architecture choice for Path B's complete low-cost serverless system.
Recommendation: use GitHub as the source of truth. Choose the hosting platform after the rendering decision in 13a — Vercel is the strongest default if Next.js is selected; Netlify or Cloudflare Pages remain strong if a prerendered Vite SPA is selected instead. GitHub Pages remains technically valid for Path A's static fix.
15. Contact Form & 'Zero Lost Enquiry' Architecture
The requirement should be interpreted as 'do not lose the customer's enquiry when an email provider quota or transient email error occurs.' Literal zero email delivery failure cannot be guaranteed because the recipient mail server, spam filtering, DNS, provider outage or recipient mailbox can fail. The correct design is therefore to guarantee durable enquiry capture and retry email delivery.
15a. Path A — Lean Reliability (New)
Use a transactional email API (e.g., Resend or equivalent) directly from a minimal serverless function (a single Vercel/Netlify function is sufficient — no dedicated Worker service required).
On every submission, write a copy of the enquiry to a simple durable store before attempting email delivery — a linked Google Sheet, Airtable base, or a lightweight hosted database table all satisfy this without a queue.
If email delivery fails, the enquiry is still visible in the durable store; a daily manual or scheduled check catches anything that failed silently.
This gets the core 'no lost enquiry' outcome the client asked for at a fraction of the infrastructure of Path B, at the cost of not having automatic retry/backoff — acceptable for typical B2B enquiry volumes.
15b. Path B — Full Architecture
Visitor
  ↓
React Contact Form
  ↓ HTTPS
Cloudflare Worker
  ├── validate + rate-limit + honeypot
  ├── write enquiry to D1
  └── enqueue email job
  ↓
Cloudflare Queue
  ↓
Resend
  ↓
support@oneelectra.com
If Resend fails:
Queue/job remains retryable.
D1 retains the original enquiry.
Admin can still recover the enquiry.
Destination: support@oneelectra.com.
Store name, email, company/country, phone if required, message, timestamp, source page, product if applicable and delivery status.
Never expose Resend API keys or SMTP credentials in React.
Use a verified sending domain for One Electra.
Use retry with backoff for transient email errors.
Maintain statuses: pending, queued, sent, failed, retrying.
Use a dead-letter/failure path after repeated delivery failures.
Provide an admin notification or operational alert for repeated failures if required.
Rate-limit the Worker and add honeypot/reCAPTCHA/Turnstile protection as appropriate.
Do not use the old direct client-side form POST as the final architecture.
Current Resend pricing documentation lists a free plan of 3,000 transactional emails/month and 100/day. Both paths should remain quota-independent at the data-capture level: if email quota is exhausted, the enquiry remains safely stored and can be retried or escalated.
16. WhatsApp Quotation Flow
Product card → View Product.
Product detail → Get Quotation.
Button constructs a URL-encoded WhatsApp message containing product name/model.
Open WhatsApp in a new tab/window on desktop; mobile should hand off to WhatsApp naturally.
Do not store a WhatsApp access token in frontend code; a public phone number/deep link is not a secret.
Hello One Electra,
I would like a quotation for:
Product: Type 2 & 1 | 7kW | Home Use
Model: DL-EU004-1
Website: oneelectra.com
17. Layman-Friendly Content Management Strategy
The client should not have to edit React components to add a product. The project should intentionally separate content from UI. The simplest safe approach is a central catalogue file plus an image directory convention. For a non-technical client, the README should provide copy/paste templates and exact folder locations.
src/
├── app/
│   ├── App.tsx
│   └── routes.tsx
├── components/
│   ├── layout/
│   ├── ui/
│   ├── home/
│   └── products/
├── data/
│   ├── products.ts
│   ├── categories.ts
│   ├── services.ts
│   └── site.ts
├── pages/
│   ├── HomePage.tsx
│   ├── AboutPage.tsx
│   ├── ProductsPage.tsx
│   ├── ProductDetailPage.tsx
│   ├── ServicesPage.tsx
│   ├── FAQPage.tsx
│   └── ContactPage.tsx
├── assets/
│   ├── brand/
│   ├── hero/
│   └── products/
│       ├── ac-charging-pile/
│       ├── dc-charging-pile/
│       ├── portable-charging-pile/
│       └── adapters-connectors/
├── lib/
│   ├── whatsapp.ts
│   └── validation.ts
├── styles/
│   └── globals.css
└── main.tsx
public/
├── favicon.svg
├── robots.txt
└── site.webmanifest
docs/
├── CLIENT_GUIDE.md
├── CONTENT_GUIDE.md
└── DEPLOYMENT_GUIDE.md
18. Client Guide: Add a New Product
1. Open src/data/products.ts.
2. Copy an existing product object.
3. Change the id and slug. Keep the slug lowercase and use hyphens.
4. Change the name and model.
5. Set category to one of: ac-charging-pile, dc-charging-pile, portable-charging-pile, adapters-connectors.
6. Replace the short description and specifications.
7. Put product images in the matching folder under src/assets/products/.
8. Update the image paths in the copied product object.
9. Save the file and run npm run dev to preview.
10. When satisfied, commit/push the change; hosting will rebuild automatically.
19. Client Guide: Add a New Product Image
Open the product's image folder.
Prefer WebP or AVIF for photographs and PNG/SVG for transparent product graphics.
Use predictable names: 01.webp, 02.webp, 03.webp, etc.
Keep the main product image as 01.webp.
Add the new filename to the product's images array.
Do not put 10MB camera photos directly into the repository; resize/compress them first.
20. Client Guide: Add a New Category
{
  id: "new-category",
  name: "New Category",
  slug: "new-category",
  description: "Short category description",
  image: "/assets/categories/new-category.webp"
}
After adding a category, products can reference it by the category id. The UI should automatically show the category and filter its products. If a future category requires a completely different layout, the developer can add a category-specific template without changing the product data model.
21. Client Guide: Change a Section
Do not edit component code unless instructed.
Text that is likely to change should be placed in src/data/site.ts or the relevant content file.
Images should be placed in the matching assets folder.
The README should identify exactly which file controls each homepage section.
Each content file should include comments explaining what can be changed safely.
22. Front-End Coding Principles
Single responsibility: components should do one clear job.
Data-driven rendering: product/category information belongs in data files, not duplicated JSX.
Reusable components: buttons, cards, headings, sections, image galleries, spec tables and CTAs should be shared.
No duplicated page shell: one shared Header/Footer/Layout.
No inline styles for normal UI design.
No hard-coded repeated WhatsApp URLs inside components.
Strong TypeScript types for Product, Category, Specification and FormSubmission.
Accessible semantic HTML and keyboard-friendly interactive controls.
Responsive design using CSS Grid/Flexbox and mobile-first breakpoints.
Avoid unnecessary global state; local component state is sufficient for most filters/gallery interactions.
Use URL parameters/query state for shareable product/category views.
Keep third-party libraries limited to those that solve a real problem.
Prefer progressive enhancement and graceful failure.
Motion budget (revised): CSS transitions and simple Framer Motion fades/slides only for v1. No GSAP dependency, no scroll-jacking, no auto-playing background video. Re-evaluate signature motion only after launch, if brand testing shows it is actually needed.
23. Security & Reliability
Never expose email-provider API keys, database credentials or server secrets in the React bundle.
Validate all contact fields on the serverless function/Worker even if the browser validates them.
Normalize and sanitize text before storage/display.
Use strict length limits on name, email, company and message.
Use rate limiting per IP and sensible global limits.
Use honeypot and/or Cloudflare Turnstile for bot mitigation.
Add security headers where the chosen host supports them.
Use HTTPS only.
Restrict CORS on the contact endpoint to the production domain plus approved development domains.
Keep dependencies updated and run npm audit/Dependabot where appropriate.
Do not embed untrusted HTML from product data.
Use rel="noopener noreferrer" for external links opened in new tabs.
Keep a backup/export path for stored enquiries.
24. Performance, SEO & Accessibility
Use responsive images and modern formats.
Lazy-load below-the-fold images.
Preload only the critical hero image/font resources.
Avoid auto-playing heavy background video on mobile unless a compressed alternative is available.
Use meaningful, unique page titles, descriptions, canonical URLs and Open Graph metadata per route — verified per-route, not just implemented in principle (see Section 26).
Generate sitemap.xml and robots.txt.
Use Product structured data where product details meet the requirements for accurate markup.
Use semantic headings in one logical hierarchy.
Provide alt text describing product images rather than repeating filenames.
Support prefers-reduced-motion.
Target Core Web Vitals and test with Lighthouse/PageSpeed Insights.
Rendering approach for SEO is decided up front per Section 13a, not deferred to a future phase.
25. Step-by-Step Implementation Plan with Indicative Timeline
Effort ranges below are indicative planning estimates for a single small-to-mid-size development team, intended to support scheduling and budget conversations — not a fixed quote. Ranges assume Path B (full rebuild); Path A collapses roughly to Phases 0, 1 (lightly), 3, 7 (as static page fixes), 9, 10, 11 and 13, at a fraction of the total effort.
Phase
Name
Description
Indicative effort
Phase 0
Discovery & content lock
Inventory existing pages, product models, images, services, standards, contact details, social links and legal/footer content. Confirm which current content is still valid.
3–5 days
Phase 1
Brand & design system
Finalize logo concept, colors, typography, spacing, buttons, cards, image treatment, icon style and motion rules. Create a small design system before coding pages.
1–2 weeks
Phase 2
Project foundation
Create project (React/Vite/TypeScript or chosen SSR framework per 13a), linting/formatting, environment strategy, routing, Tailwind/design tokens, shared layout and deployment pipeline.
3–5 days
Phase 3
Content architecture
Create typed categories/products/services/site content and image folder structure. Migrate existing product content into data objects.
3–5 days
Phase 4
Core components
Build Header, Footer, Hero, SectionHeading, CTA, ProductCard, CategoryFilter, ProductGallery, SpecificationTable, WhatsAppButton, ContactForm and responsive primitives.
1–1.5 weeks
Phase 5
Homepage
Implement premium hero, brand story, charging categories, technology/standards, global presence, services, featured products and final CTA.
1 week
Phase 6
Product system
Implement category filter, all-products listing, product detail routes, image gallery, specifications, related products and product-aware WhatsApp quotation.
1–1.5 weeks
Phase 7
Remaining pages
Rebuild About, Services, FAQ and Contact using the new visual system and existing business content.
3–5 days
Phase 8
Contact infrastructure
Deploy chosen contact architecture (15a or 15b); configure support@oneelectra.com; add validation, anti-spam, retry/backup and operational status handling.
3–7 days depending on path
Phase 9
Brand assets & content QA
Replace temporary logo with final SVG identity, optimize existing images, add new photography/renders where required, verify all product names and specifications.
3–5 days
Phase 10
Responsive & accessibility QA
Test mobile, tablet, desktop, keyboard navigation, focus states, reduced motion, screen-reader labels, forms, touch targets, and contrast ratios per Section 2a findings.
3–4 days
Phase 11
Performance & SEO
Optimize images/fonts/scripts, per-route metadata, sitemap, structured data, canonical URLs and social sharing cards; verify no duplicate metadata across routes.
3–4 days
Phase 12
Deployment
Connect GitHub repository to chosen host. Configure oneelectra.com, HTTPS and environment variables for the contact backend.
1–2 days
Phase 13
Acceptance testing
Test every navigation path, category, product detail, WhatsApp quotation, contact submission, failed-email scenario, mobile breakpoint and 404 route.
2–3 days
Phase 14
Handover
Deliver source repository, client README, content guide, deployment guide, brand assets, environment-variable guide and rollback instructions.
1–2 days
Total indicative range for Path B end-to-end: roughly 8–11 weeks with one focused team, allowing for review cycles and content/photography dependencies outside the development team's control. This is a planning range, not a commitment — confirm against actual team size and client review turnaround before quoting a fixed date.
26. Acceptance Test Matrix
Area
Test
Expected result
Navigation
Open every header/footer link
Correct route; no dead links
Categories
Click each of 4 categories
Only matching products display
Product
Click product card
Dedicated product detail opens
Gallery
Change product images
Gallery updates smoothly and remains accessible
WhatsApp
Click Get Quotation
Correct product/model appears in prefilled WhatsApp message
Contact
Submit valid form
Enquiry stored (durable copy) and email sent/queued
Contact failure
Force email provider failure
Enquiry remains stored; retry/failure state or backup copy is preserved
Spam
Submit invalid/automated payload
Request blocked or challenged
Mobile
Test 320px–430px widths
No horizontal overflow; usable navigation/form
Accessibility
Keyboard-only navigation
All controls reachable and visible focus exists
Contrast (new)
Run automated contrast check (e.g., axe/Lighthouse) on every section
All text meets WCAG AA contrast minimums — no repeat of the low-contrast sections found in review
SEO / metadata (new)
Inspect page source/metadata on every route, not just the homepage
Unique title/description/canonical/og:url per route; no duplicate metadata across pages
Performance
Run Lighthouse
No obvious large-image/script/font bottlenecks
27. Project Deliverables
Premium One Electra logo package, including the three briefed concept directions in Section 6a for client selection before final execution.
Responsive website (React application for Path B, or corrected/refreshed static site for Path A).
Four product categories with category filtering.
Data-driven product catalogue.
Dedicated product detail pages, each with unique metadata.
Product-aware WhatsApp quotation flow.
Contact form delivering to support@oneelectra.com with a durable secondary record of every enquiry.
Responsive mobile/tablet/desktop layouts.
SEO metadata, sitemap and robots.txt, verified unique per route.
Accessibility and performance implementation, verified against the contrast and keyboard-navigation tests in Section 26.
GitHub repository with clean directory structure.
Client-friendly README/CONTENT GUIDE.
Deployment guide for chosen host.
Environment variable and security guide.
Indicative timeline and path decision record (this document) for future reference.
28. Key Risks & Decisions
Risk / issue
Mitigation
Free email quota exhausted
Durable secondary storage (Path A) or queue (Path B); email becomes a retryable/recoverable delivery job either way.
Literal zero email delivery cannot be guaranteed
Guarantee enquiry persistence; monitor and retry delivery; do not claim inbox delivery is mathematically guaranteed.
Client edits code incorrectly
Central data files, copy/paste templates, comments and validation/types.
Too many animations hurt performance and brand trust
Fixed motion budget for v1: CSS transitions and light Framer Motion only; no GSAP; revisit only post-launch with evidence.
Existing images look inconsistent
Use existing assets where useful, then standardize crops/backgrounds and replace weak hero/product imagery over time.
Product catalogue grows substantially
Typed data model now; migration path to headless CMS later without redesigning components.
SEO limitations of SPA
Decide rendering approach (13a) before development starts; do not defer to a later phase.
Hosting lock-in
Keep frontend static/prerendered and backend API isolated behind a small service layer.
Scope creep into a full rebuild when an incremental fix would suffice (new)
Use the Path A / Path B decision in Section 3a explicitly before Phase 2 begins; treat Path A as the mandatory floor regardless of which path is chosen.
No cost/timeline visibility for approval (new)
Use the indicative effort ranges in Section 25 as the basis for a firm quote before work begins.
29. Final Recommendation
Fix the confirmed defects first, regardless of budget: duplicate metadata across routes, low-contrast sections, and the fragile client-side contact form are bugs, not design preferences, and should not wait on a decision about the size of the rebuild (Section 3a, Path A).
For the long-term brand direction, I would still rebuild One Electra as a premium, dark energy-tech brand rather than a conventional EV catalogue — but with two changes from v1: the visual system should differentiate more clearly from generic dark-SaaS templates (restraint in color/icon use, stronger typographic hierarchy, more considered photography), and the SEO/rendering approach (Section 13a) must be decided before development starts rather than deferred.
Technically, I recommend React + TypeScript + Tailwind + React Router, with the rendering layer determined by whether organic search matters to the business (plain prerendered Vite if not; Next.js or Astro if so). Products should be typed data, not hard-coded cards. Motion should be limited to CSS transitions and light Framer Motion for v1 — no GSAP, no scroll-jacking. For contact reliability, the lean Path A architecture (Section 15a) is sufficient for most B2B enquiry volumes; the full Worker + D1 + Queue design (Section 15b) is available if enquiry volume or auditability requirements justify it.
The project should be delivered in phases, beginning with content/design architecture and ending with deployment, acceptance testing and a layman-friendly handover guide — using the indicative timeline in Section 25 as the basis for a confirmed schedule. This avoids both of the risks identified in review: shipping a beautiful interface on top of a fragile content structure, and over-building infrastructure the business doesn't yet need.
30. Reference Sources Reviewed
One Electra live website: https://oneelectra.com/
One Electra staging/preview build: https://oneelectra.vercel.app/ (fetched and screenshot-reviewed for this revision)
Supplied GitHub repository: https://github.com/lhbccly/OneElectra
GitHub Pages documentation: https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/what-is-github-pages
GitHub custom domains documentation: https://docs.github.com/en/pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site
Resend pricing: https://resend.com/pricing
Cloudflare D1 documentation: https://developers.cloudflare.com/d1/
31. Consolidated Visual & UI Fix Checklist (New)
This section exists so every item raised in the manual UI/theme review is traceable to a specific, checkable fix in this plan. Nothing here is a new requirement — it is a cross-reference index over the sections above, organized the way a QA pass would work through it.
Critical — functional/trust-breaking
Item
Addressed in
Distinct content & metadata per route (not one duplicated page)
Sections 2a, 7, 26
Fix low-contrast text sections (site-wide contrast audit)
Sections 2a, 4, 26
Unique <title>/meta description/canonical per page
Sections 7, 24, 26
High priority — content & trust
Item
Addressed in
Real spec sheets per SKU, not just name + price
Sections 9, 12
Certifications named explicitly (CE, UKCA, IEC 61851, etc.)
Section 12 (Compatibility/standards field in product data model)
Factory/audit proof, trade references, client logos
Section 27 (Deliverables) — content responsibility, not a design/dev task
MOQs, payment terms, Incoterms, lead times stated up front
Section 11/12 content requirements
Contact channel beyond WhatsApp for formal inquiries
Section 16 (WhatsApp remains one channel among the contact options in Section 15)
Medium priority — visual/UI polish
Item
Addressed in
Move away from generic dark-SaaS/crypto template look
Sections 2a, 4, 4a
Replace generic icon-pack icons with a considered icon system
Section 4a (new)
Establish clearer typographic hierarchy between heading levels
Section 5
Reduce repetition of the same CTA down the page
Sections 3b (new), 10
Tighten excessive vertical whitespace between sections
Section 3b (new)
Shorten/restructure page length; add in-page navigation
Section 3b (new), Section 7
Keep as-is (confirmed working well)
Hero section headline hierarchy and product shot.
Featured product card grid layout.
Global charging standards row (Type 1/2, GB/T, NACS) — genuinely useful, buyer-relevant content.
The 6-step B2B sourcing/logistics workflow concept.
Recommendation: use this table as the literal QA checklist during Phase 10 (Responsive & accessibility QA) and Phase 11 (Performance & SEO) — each row should be checked off against the live build, not just the design mockups, since several of the original defects (contrast, duplicate metadata) were only visible once the actual rendered site was inspected.
End of Plan — Revision 3